_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

French robotics engineer graduated from [ENSTA Bretagne](https://ensta-bretagne.fr) and from the master of science of the [University of Angers](https://www.univ-angers.fr) in 2021.

Passionate about diving, my work is oriented towards marine and underwater robotics. I had the opportunity to gain experience in this field during my studies in Brest, but also with companies like [Forssea Robotics](https://forssea-robotics.fr/).

I am currently pursuing my studies as PhD candidate in underwater robotics under the supervision of [Luc Jaulin](https://www.ensta-bretagne.fr/jaulin/) and [Fabrice Lebars](https://www.ensta-bretagne.fr/lebars/) at [ENSTA Bretagne](https://ensta-bretagne.fr).

Commit message:

Moved specific information from config to about (#2985)
Moved news and latest posts related information from `_config.yml` to
`_about.md` page.

Signed-off-by: George Araújo <george.gcac@gmail.com>

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

French robotics engineer graduated from [ENSTA Bretagne](https://ensta-bretagne.fr) and from the master of science of the [University of Angers](https://www.univ-angers.fr) in 2021.

Passionate about diving, my work is oriented towards marine and underwater robotics. I had the opportunity to gain experience in this field during my studies in Brest, but also with companies like [Forssea Robotics](https://forssea-robotics.fr/).

I am currently pursuing my studies as PhD candidate in underwater robotics under the supervision of [Luc Jaulin](https://www.ensta-bretagne.fr/jaulin/) and [Fabrice Lebars](https://www.ensta-bretagne.fr/lebars/) at [ENSTA Bretagne](https://ensta-bretagne.fr).
